Cyber security is the application of technologies,processes and controls to protect system,programs,networks,data from cyber attacks.
MALWARE:
It means malicious software. One of the most common cyber threats, it is a software that a cyber criminal or hacker has created to disrupt or damage a legitimate user's computer.Malware may be used by cyber criminals to make money or in politically motivated cyber attacks.
VIRUS:
A self replicating program that attaches itself to clean file and spreads throughout the computer system,infecting files with malicious code. 
SPYWARE:
A program that secretly records what a user does,so that cyber criminals can make use of this information. Example it could capture credit card details.
PHISHING:
Phishing is when cyber criminals target victim with emails that appear to be from a  legitimate company asking for sensitive information 
MAN IN THE MIDDLE ATTACK:
It is a type of cyber threat where a cyber criminal intercepts communication between two individuals in order to steal data. Example on an ensecure WiFi network an attacker could intercept data being passed from the victims device and the network. 
DISTRIBUTED DENIEL OF SERVICE:
DDOS are the  systems disrupt the traffic of a targeted system, such as a server, website or other network resource. By flooding the target w . ith messages, connection requests or packets, the attackers can slow the system or crash it, preventing legitimate traffic from using it
SQL INJECTION:
SQL injection
An SQL (structured language query) injection is a type of cyber-attack used to take control of and steal data from a database. Cybercriminals exploit vulnerabilities in data-driven applications to insert malicious code into a databased via a malicious SQL statement. This gives them access to the sensitive information contained in the database.
CIA tried:
The three letters in "CIA triad" stand for Confidentiality, Integrity, and Availability. The CIA triad is a common model that forms the basis for the development of security systems. They are used for finding vulnerabilities and methods for creating solutions.
CONFIDENTIALITY:
Confidentiality involves the efforts of an organization to make sure data is kept secret or private. To accomplish this, access to information must be controlled to prevent the unauthorized sharing of data—whether intentional or accidental.
INTEGRITY:
Integrity involves making sure your data is trustworthy and free from tampering. The integrity of your data is maintained only if the data is authentic, accurate, and reliable.
AVAILABILITY:
Even if data is kept confidential and its integrity maintained, it is often useless unless it is available to those in the organization and the customers they serve. This means that systems, networks, and applications must be functioning as they should and when they should. Also, individuals with access to specific information must be able to consume it when they need to, and getting to the data should not take an inordinate amount of time.
